What is it guys and what can I say now in this video we will be working at it much more.
Let's just head let's just hit regular and you can see that here we are going to add a full one right
here.
And let's add one more thing.
So I'm sure that I'm not missing anything really done with this as well you're done with the text we
done with the toggle I think yes we're done with the toggle.
And then we have the video and the video sliders so you can just come here to the video right here and
then you can enter the video.
And before you your roll or video WBM the verbal B.M. version is a video all uploaded video should be
in both W.P. and before and we will Firmage to be to ensure that maximum combat capability in all browsers.
So here we have the I mean you're really you are.
And then so you have to grab the before you are able to get that.
OK.
Upload your desired video and and before from right or type in the URL to the video you would like to
display.
So let's see if YouTube for it here because I don't know if Daveys of words YouTube.
Let's see if we can add this.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to grab anything.
This one I just love this guy.
He's amazing.
This explains everything.
I'm not promoting everyone right here but I just love his channel and I love his steps.
OK.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to add this you were elsewhere here and see if this works.
OK so this is coming right here.
OK.
You can go to the design right here and then you can go to the play icons you can change the play icon
color ok since we have this already on the YouTube one that is why this has imbedded so when then we
have the sizing right here.
So you can manage the sizing the module.
You can bring this a center and then we have the padding border so you can pretty well manage for that.
OK.
And then we have the last one is the video slider.
So let's add that as well.
That's why I'm here.
And add the video slider.
And here we need a pretty well so many videos right here.
So first one is the same.
OK.
Let's go back.
And another one
OK.
And this is going to be this one.
This let's copy it to come here and tell this
with everyone welcome back to my channel.
If you knew my name is Alex gosta And here in the channel.
To Delete to delete to delete it.
All right.
So first of all I need to just come in here.
I mean to just come here and this is the video that is right here.
OK let's do everything from scratch because I'm getting confused I don't know why.
OK let's get Come here let's just delete it till he will come here again.
And let's go without and let's just skim through the videos later.
So here we have the first one is right here.
I'm going to infer that you are real.
I'm going to paste it and here we have the Alex Costa video.
OK.
I'm going to go back right here.
And I want to just add one more.
OK.
So here would be the same Meteora here.
Let's just change the video so let's choose this one to come here.
Let's copy.
Come here.
Alex one.
If you knew I'm Alex.
Welcome to my channel.
You should probably just hit that subscribe button below.
Today I want to talk about a few tips and tricks that I use so you can see how to shed luck.
You can see this is how the slider is looking.
You can also show them arrows if you want to and the sliders should be coming up totally OK.
You can see if I just come here and I just click this guy right here.
The new video is coming up like this so use Tufnel track use dot navigation so you can use a dot navigation
instead of the thumbnail track and you can see this.
This is how the video is looking.
OK.
So now here now we are totally done.
All the blurb Madhi Ewell's sorry all the DV models and you can see that everything is totally coming
right here.
If you want to make it full if you can also make it full it just come here to the alignment sizing make
this riffle with Testim got to read use one.
OK.
And here we go.
She can see.
This is the dog coming like here.
And you can also pretty well change the color and everything to control a color as you can to you can
make it dark and this is how this is coming.
So you can make the play icon color because since we have uploaded from YouTube that is why this is
the copyright thing that we can not remove them.
So now you can see that everything is looking totally awesome and OK.
And now we're totally done with it.
We now know everything about DV So now you guys must have understander there.
DV there is no combination between that baby and the Elliman daughter element or is for beginners or
something like that.
And then she is basically for professional not only the developers cannot develop for TV because TV
is so amazing so amazing.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching.
They're still here.
And now we're totally done in the next video will be working of a report for you.
There is this complete section for portfolio because portfolio is a totally different thing.
I mean explaining what is portfolio how it works and where the things in something like that.
And I'm also going to go out go and drink Florida because I'm just dying.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And good.